Hosted launch: Worker queues and executor updates (#2307)
astronomer/docs: astro/kubernetespodoperator.md

- An [Astro project](develop-project.md#create-an-astro-project).
- An Astro [Deployment](create-deployment.md).

## Configure the KubernetesPodOperator in the Cloud UI

> While you still need to configure the KubernetesPodOperator in your DAG code to define your task environment, you can set some safeguards on Astro so that tasks in your Deployment don't request more CPU or memory than expected. Do this by configuring default Pod limits and requests from the Cloud UI. If a task requests more CPU or memory than is currently allowed in your configuration, the task fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you still need to configure the KubernetesPodOperator in your DAG code to define your task environment, you can set some safeguards on Astro so that tasks in your Deployment don't request more CPU or memory than expected. Set safeguards by configuring default Pod limits and requests from the Cloud UI. If a task requests more CPU or memory than is currently allowed in your configuration, the task fails.
```

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Deployment.
2. Click **Resource quotas**.
3. Configure the following values:

    - **CPU quota**: The maximum amount of CPU for all currently running Pods on your Deployment. 
    - **Memory Quota**: The maximum amount of memory for all currently running Pods on your Deployment. 
    - **Default CPU**: The amount of CPU that a task Pod uses if it has no configured requests.
    - **Default Memory**: The amount of memory that a task Pod uses if it has no configured requests.

Your CPU quota and memory quota determine your **Max Pod Size**, which is the maximum amount of resources that a task can request for its Pod. If your CPU and memory quota exceed a certain limit, your **Max Pod Size** is determined by the size of the Astro-hosted infrastructure running your tasks.

> 

Reviewer 2: aren't these steps repetition of what exists in executors.md? Should we just refer it to that section?

Author: They are, but you can configure KPO separately from the Kubernetes executor (if you're running Celery). Because so many users look for KPO information, I think it's okay to have some redundant steps to improve discoverability of the setup.

Reviewer 2: okay, but then we have to change here as well that the Default CPU and Default Memory are not configurable . the problem is we have to keep updating in two places.

Author: Just updated, lmk what you think!

## Configure task-level Pod resources

> Astro automatically allocates resources to Pods created by the KubernetesPodOperator. Resources used by the KubernetesPodOperator are not technically limited, meaning that the operator could theoretically use any CPU and memory that's available in your Deployment to complete a task. Because of this, Astronomer recommends specifying [compute resource requests and limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) for each task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro automatically allocates resources to Pods created by the KubernetesPodOperator. Resources used by the KubernetesPodOperator are not technically limited, which means that the operator could theoretically use any CPU and memory that's available in your Deployment to complete a task. Because of this, Astronomer recommends specifying [compute resource requests and limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) for each task.
```

)
```

> Applying the code above ensures that when this DAG runs, it will launch a Kubernetes Pod with exactly 800m of CPU and 3Gi of memory as long as that infrastructure is available in your Deployment. Once the task finishes, the Pod will terminate gracefully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applying the previous code example ensures that when this DAG runs, it launches a Kubernetes Pod with exactly 800m of CPU and 3Gi of memory as long as that infrastructure is available in your Deployment. After the task finishes, the Pod will terminate gracefully.
```
